If you copy a formula 3 rows down and 1 row left, then the cell references in the formula will shift 3 rows down and 1 row left. These are called "relative" cell references, since they change relative to where you copy the formula.By default, every cell in Excel has a relative reference. In relative references, type “=A1+A2” in cell A3, copy and paste the formula in cell B3, and the formula automatically changes to “=B1+B2.” In absolute references, the cell address does not change when the formula is copied.Relative reference is the default cell reference in Excel. It is simply the combination of column name and row number without any dollar ($) sign. When you copy the formula from one cell to another the relative cell address changes depending on the relative position of column and row.relative reference in Excel is a pointer to a cell or range of cells. For example, a relative reference to cell A1 looks like this: =A1. A relative addresses will change when copied to other location in a worksheet because it describes the "offset" to another cell, rather than a fixed address.Advertisements. Relative reference macros record an offset from the active cell. Such macros will be useful if you have to repeat the steps at various places in the worksheet.An absolute reference in Excel is a reference that cannot be changed when copied, so you won't see changes in rows or columns when you copy them. Absolute references are used when you want to fix a cell location. These cell references are preceded by a dollar sign.Answer: Cell referencing in which the cells are referred by their relative position in the worksheet relative to a particular cell is called relative referencing.Similar to Cell addresses, there are addresses for Ranges in Excel worksheet. Range addresses are used to identify the Range in Excel worksheet.Answer. In Relative Referencing, the address of the cells is specified in a way that when the formula is copied to a new cell, the corresponding cell address changes with reference to the new cell address. =A1+A2 is an example of Relative Referencing.Use cell references in a formula
Click the cell in which you want to enter the formula.
In the formula bar. , type = (equal sign).
Do one of the following, select the cell that contains the value you want or type its cell reference. ... 
Press Enter.There are two types of cell references: relative and absolute. Relative and absolute references behave differently when copied and filled to other cells. Relative references change when a formula is copied to another cell. Absolute references, on the other hand, remain constant no matter where they are copied.you have tasks in Microsoft Excel that you do repeatedly, you can record a macro to automate those tasks. A macro is an action or a set of actions that you can run as many times as you want. When you create a macro, you are recording your mouse clicks and keystrokes.A macro recorded with absolute references places the recorded steps exactly in the cells where it was recorded, irrespective of the active cell. On the other hand, a macro recorded with relative references can perform the recorded tasks at different parts on the worksheet.Use Relative References
Click Stop Recording. Empty Range("B3:B5"). ... 
A macro recorded in absolute mode always produces the same result. Recording in Relative Mode. ... 
First, select any single cell (for example, cell B8). ... 
Click Stop Recording. ... 
Excel places the words relative to the initial selected cell.The active cell is the selected cell in which data is entered when you begin typing. Only one cell is active at a time. The active cell is the cell surrounded by a black border. Data can only be entered into the active cell. Even if more than one cell is selected, there is still only one active cell at a time.The mean is found by adding up all of the numbers in a set of data and dividing by the number of points that are added together. This formula tells you what the typical value is in a given set of information.Relative references

 For example, if you copy the formula =A1+B1 from row 1 to row 2, the formula will become =A2+B2. Relative references are especially convenient whenever you need to repeat the same calculation across multiple rows or columns.Now there are three kinds of cell references that you can use in Excel:
Relative Cell References.
Absolute Cell References.
Mixed Cell References.=+A1+B1. It has no meaning. The "+" after "=" is superfluous. It is a carryover from Lotus 1-2-3, where formulas can be entered as +123+456 instead of =123+456.Understanding cells

 A cell is the intersection of a row and a column—in other words, where a row and column meet. Columns are identified by letters (A, B, C), while rows are identified by numbers (1, 2, 3). Each cell has its own name—or cell address—based on its column and rowAn active cell refers to the currently selected cell in spreadsheet, whenever you click on specific cell within spreadsheet it becomes the active cell. Once a cell selected you can enter values or function into the cell.In a spreadsheet, a cell range is defined by the reference of the upper left cell (minimum value) of the range and the reference of the lower right cell (maximum value) of the range. Eventually separate cells can be added to this selection, then the range is called an irregular cell range.To refer to a worksheet: Worksheets(“Sheet1”) or Sheets(“Sheet1”)
Use the name of the sheet.
To refer to the active worksheet: ActiveWorksheet.you do not want cell references to change when you copy a formula, then make those cell references absolute cell references. Place a "$" before the column letter if you want that to always stay the same. Place a "$" before a row number if you want that to always stay the same.cell reference in Excel refers to the value of a different cell or cell range on the current worksheet or a different worksheet within the spreadsheet. A cell reference can be used as a variable in a formula.A cell is the intersection of a row and a column. Columns are identified by letters (A, B, C), while rows are identified by numbers (1, 2, 3). A cell. Each cell has its own name—or cell address—based on its column and row. In this example, the selected cell intersects column C and row 5, so the cell address is C5.Relative references

 When copied across multiple cells, they change based on the relative position of rows and columns. For example, if you copy the formula =A1+B1 from row 1 to row 2, the formula will become =A2+B2.Advertisements. Relative reference macros record an offset from the active cell. Such macros will be useful if you have to repeat the steps at various places in the worksheetthe Google Sheets UI, select Extensions > Macros > Manage macros. Find the macro you want to edit and select more_vert > Edit macro. This opens the Apps Script editor to the project file containing the macro function.VBA code: Get workbook name

 Press Alt + Q keys to close the Microsoft Visual Basic Application window and return to the workbook. 5. Select a blank cell, type =GetBook() into the cell, then press the Enter key. You can see the workbook name is populated on the selected cell.Steps to Open a Workbook using VBA
To start the code, use the “Workbooks” object.
Type a dot (.) after that and select the Open method from the list.
Specify the file path in the first argument and make sure to enclose it in double quotation marks.
In the end, run the code to open the workbook.
